chore: update readme when a new release is available (#548)
grafana/shared-workflows: README.md

### Add new components to Release Please config file

In order for components to be released, they must be in the [release-please-config.json](./release-please-config.json) file. Always ensure new components are added to this file.

> Once the component is added, as part of using the latest version of an action, it's a good practice to update the README file of each shared workflow every time there is a new release.

Reviewer: Along the lines of consistency, I would be a bit more direct and say that it is needed

```suggestion

`README` files for each component should have embedded versions updated every time there is a new release.
```

> To do so, after adding the name of the new action which needs to be released in the [release-please-config.json](./release-please-config.json) file, the `"extra-files"` field should also be added and include the `README.md` like:

Reviewer: This could be made a lot shorter and still be fine I think

```suggestion
Add a new entry which looks like this:
```

```json
  ...
  "packages": {
    "actions/my-new-action": {
      "package-name": "my-new-action",
      "extra-files": ["README.md"]
    },
  }
```

Also, the following block should be added in the README file which will be responsible for updating the version with a new one:

`README.md`:

> ````

Reviewer: ```suggestion
````markdown
```

(think this works)

# my-new-action

This is my new action which does awesome stuff!

> <!-- x-release-please-start-version --> # beginning of the release please block

Reviewer: If people copy and paste this with the `# beginning of the release please block` text, that will show up in their README. Might suggest the following 3...

```suggestion
<!-- x-release-please-start-version -->
```

Author: wanted to make sure that people know what the change is really. it's clear from the docs I guess, so fine to remove it.

```yaml
name: My new action
on:
  pull_request:

jobs:
  my-new-action:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest

    steps:
      - id: do-stuff
        uses: grafana/shared-workflows/actions/my-new-action@my-new-action-v1.0.0

```

> <!-- x-release-please-end-version --> # end of the release please block

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- x-release-please-end-version -->
```

````

> Every semver-like string nested in the above release-please block, will be updated with the new semver once it's released.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every semver-like string between the `x-release-please-start-version` and `x-release-please-end-version` comments will be updated with the new version whenever the component is released.
```

### Add new components to Release Please config file

In order for components to be released, they must be in the [release-please-config.json](./release-please-config.json) file. Always ensure new components are added to this file.

> #### Automatically update README files with the latest version

Reviewer: I would merge these sections somehow, and tell people what to put in the config file. It's a bit weird to have "add to this config file" and then the next section "add some more to that same file" heh

Author: I thought that having this as a header 3 could mean that it's optional in case someone doesn't want to do it but I think what you say is fair, I'll merge them together.
